Developer section guide (#4114)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/administration/upgrading/from-v1/region-and-site-data-migration-guide.md

> [//]: # (TODO&#40;timizuo&#41;: Move file to /docs/development/migration)

Reviewer: Not the whole file - probably just everything under the `## Region and Site Related Data Model Migration Guide For Existing Nautobot App installations` heading and its descendants.

}
```

> [Migrating Region and Site Related Data Model Migration Guide For Existing Nautobot App installations](../../../../development/migration/migrate-region-and-site-into-location.md)

Reviewer: Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
## Update Nautobot Apps

Any Nautobot Apps that you use and maintain which have existing data referencing Site or Region records will need to be [updated](../../../../development/migration/migrate-region-and-site-into-location.md) before you can complete your migration to Nautobot 2.0.
```

Reviewer: Might also make sense to add a link here to the Jobs migration doc?
